[Guide update] Android MDM setup (#32473)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/android-mdm-setup.md

4. Head to your [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com).

> 5. From the side menu, select [Devices > Mobile & endpoints > Settings > Third-party integrations](https://admin.google.com/ac/devices/settings/thirdparty).
> 6. Select **Android EMM**, check **Enable third-party Android mobile management**, and then select **Manage EMM providers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. From the side menu, select [Devices > Mobile & endpoints > Settings > Third-party integrations](https://admin.google.com/ac/devices/settings/thirdparty).
6. Select **Android EMM**, check **Enable third-party Android mobile management**, and then select **Manage EMM providers**.
```

We're cutting step 7 for the same reason we're cutting "Add users from Microsoft to Google Workspace right?

> 4. Head to your [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com).
> 5. From the side menu, select [Devices > Mobile & endpoints > Settings > Third-party integrations](https://admin.google.com/ac/devices/settings/thirdparty).
> 6. Select **Android EMM**, check **Enable third-party Android mobile management**, and then select **Manage EMM providers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If we're cutting step 7, we want to cut 4, 5, and 6 too right?

Also, we're cutting step 7 for the same reason we're cutting "Add users from Microsoft to Google Workspace" right? 

To enforce authentication before enrollment, the best practice is to enable end user authentication for the personal (BYOD) mobile devices in Fleet. This includes the added benefit of Fleet collecting end user information and using that to map to IdP groups and department (foreign vitals).

Reviewer: @marko-lisica heads up that I cut these steps. Please let me know if that was a mess up from me.

Author: I think this is okay. I'm not sure if this option provides any benefit. It's a prerequisite if you want to enable enrollment via a Google account, but I'm uncertain if it's needed for anything else. We can always bring this back if we learn it's needed.

Now you have managed Google domain with an Android Enterprise subscription. Optionally, if you want to add additional subscriptions later (i.e. Google Workspace) you can use this domain. Only the free Android Enterprise subscription is required for Android MDM features.

## Enrollment

Learn how to enroll Android hosts in the [enroll hosts guide](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enroll-hosts#ui).

## Migration

To migrate hosts from other MDM solution, you must first unenroll hosts from your old solution and share a link with your end users so they can enroll to Fleet. Learn how to find your enrollment link in the [enroll hosts guide](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enroll-hosts#ui).

## Turn off

1. In Fleet, head to **Settings > Integrations > MDM**.
2. In the **Mobile Device Management (MDM)** section, select **Edit** next to "Android MDM turned on."
3. Select **Turn off Android MDM**

> When you turn off Android MDM in Fleet, your Android Enterprise will be deleted, and MDM will be turned off on all hosts. The work profile from all BYOD hosts will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you turn off Android MDM in Fleet, your Android Enterprise will be deleted, MDM will be turned off on all hosts, and the work profile will be deleted from all Android hosts.
```

Now you have managed Google domain with an Android Enterprise subscription. Optionally, if you want to add additional subscriptions later (i.e. Google Workspace) you can use this domain. Only the free Android Enterprise subscription is required for Android MDM features.

> ## Manual enrollment (BYOD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enrollment
```

> Learn how to [enroll Android hosts](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enroll-hosts#ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to enroll Android hosts in the [enroll hosts guide](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enroll-hosts#ui).
```

## Migration

> To migrate hosts from other MDM solution, you must first unenroll hosts from old solution, and ask end users to [enroll to Fleet](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enroll-hosts#ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate hosts from other MDM solution, you must first unenroll hosts from your old solution, and ask end users to [enroll to Fleet](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enroll-hosts#ui).
```

## Turn off

1. In Fleet, head to **Settings > Integrations > MDM**.
2. In the **Mobile Device Management (MDM)** section, select **Edit** next to "Android MDM turned on."
3. Select **Turn off Android MDM**

> When you turn off Android MDM, your Android Enterprise will be deleted, and MDM will be turned off on all hosts. The work profile from all BYOD hosts will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you turn off Android MDM in Fleet, your Android Enterprise will be deleted, and MDM will be turned off on all hosts. The work profile from all BYOD hosts will be deleted.
```

> When you delete Android Enterprise in [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com), Android MDM will be turned off in Fleet, and the work profile from all BYOD hosts will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever delete your Android Enterprise in your [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com) instead of from Fleet, Android MDM will be turned off in Fleet, and the work profile will be deleted from all Android hosts.
```
